Propose developer guide for icon removal from core (#4870)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/views/icon-path-to-icon-class-migration.adoc

== Examples of area which require changes

* If a plugin reads icons from its icon path, it typically does the following in jelly:

[source, xml]
----
<img src="${imagesURL}/16x16/fingerprint.png" alt="" height="16" width="16" />
<!-- or -->
<l:task icon="images/24x24/document.png" href="" title="${%Modules}" />
----

* or in groovy:

[source, groovy]
----
img(width:"16", height:"16", src:"${imagesURL}/16x16/next.gif")
----

* A plugin can do that in Java too, but that is, by far, less common.

== Maintaining support for legacy icons and modern icons

Jelly offers a couple of properties to access an icon class instead of an icon path. Jenkins core will display a GIF, a PNG or an SVG, based on the Jenkins version used. The properties `<l:icon class>` and `<l:task icon>` are used based on the location the icon is displayed in.

Jelly example:
[source, xml]
----
<l:task icon="icon-gear2 icon-md" href="${rootURL}/manage" title="${%Manage Jenkins}" />
<!-- or -->
<l:icon class="icon-gear2 icon-md" />
----

Groovy example:
[source, groovy]
----
l.task(icon:"icon-gear2 icon-md", href:"${rootURL}/manage", title:_("Manage Jenkins"))
----

> More information about Jelly tags provided by core to display icons can be found link:https://reports.jenkins.io/core-taglib/jelly-taglib-ref.html#layout[here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about Jelly tags provided by core to display icons can be found in it's link:https://reports.jenkins.io/core-taglib/jelly-taglib-ref.html#layout:icon[jelly documentation].

```

== I still need more help?

> Contact the link:/sigs/ux[UX sig] on link:https://gitter.im/jenkinsci/ux-sig[Gitter] or on the link:https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkinsci-ux[mailing list].

Reviewer: ux mailing list is basically dead, would suggest the main one
```suggestion
Contact the link:/sigs/ux[UX sig] on link:https://gitter.im/jenkinsci/ux-sig[Gitter] or on the link:https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkinsci-dev[mailing list].

```
